[MTM-65958] Release notes: Single Registration with Certificate Enrol… (#4396)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2026-64-0-single-device-registration-with-cer-fix.md

---
date: ''

> title: Fix for Single Device Registration Process Using Platform CA Certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Devices are now correctly added to initial device group
```

change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-65958
version: 2026.64.0

---

> Resolved an issue affecting the initial group assignment during [single device registration](https://cumulocity.com/docs/device-management-application/registering-devices/#single-device-registration) when using the “create device certificates during device registration” option with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} CA certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issue has been resolved affecting the initial group assignment during [single device registration](/device-management-application/registering-devices/#single-device-registration) when using the “create device certificates during device registration” option with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} CA certificates.
```
